+ Chapter 4 argued that modules should be deep.
+ This chapter, and the next few that follow, discuss **techniques for creating deep modules**.

+ The most important technique for achieving deep modules is information hiding.
    + The basic idea is that each module should encapsulate a few pieces of *knowledge*, which represent design decisions.
    + The knowledge is embedded in the module's implementation but does not appear in its interface, so it is not visible to other modules.

+ Information hiding reduces complexity in two ways:
    1. it simplifies the interface to a module
    2. information hiding makes it easier to evolve the system

+ When designing a new module, you should think carefully about what information can be hidden in that module.
+ If you can hide more information, you should also be able to simplify the module’s interface, and this makes the module deeper.

+ Information leakage is one of the most important red flags in software design.
+ **One of the best skills you can learn as a software designer is a high level of sensitivity to information leakage.**

+ Red Flag: Information Leakage

+ Red Flag: Temporal Decomposition
    + 按照时间顺序来拆分类
    + 例如：一段程序 先读入文件内容，修改文件内容，然后再写入文件内容，如果按照时间来拆分类，就会有三个类，这三个类里都依赖的文件的格式(这个知识)，导致致部分知识被泄漏

+ When designing modules, focus on the knowledge that’s needed to perform each task, not the order in which tasks occur.

+ Defaults illustrate the principle that interfaces should be designed to make the common case as simple as possible.
+ They are also an example of partial information hiding: in the normal case, the caller need not be aware of the existence of the defaulted item.
+ Whenever possible, classes should “do the right thing” without being explicitly asked.
+ The best features are the ones you get without even knowing they exist.(好的默认值)

+ Red Flag: Overexposure
