+ Software systems are composed in layers, where higher layers use the facilities provided by lower layers.
+ In a well-designed system, each layer provides a different abstraction from the layers above and below it;
    + one more level of abstraction above the current one

+ If a system contains adjacent(临近的) layers with similar abstractions, this is a red flag that suggests a problem with the class decomposition.
+ This chapter discusses situations where this happens, the problems that result, and how to refactor to eliminate the problems.

+ `A pass-through method` is one that does little except invoke another method, whose signature is similar or identical to that of the calling method.

+ Red Flag: Pass-Through Method
    + This typically indicates that there is not a *clean division of responsibility between the classes*.

+ It is fine for several methods to have the same signature as long as each of them provides useful and distinct functionality.
    + Methods like this are usually in *the same layer* and they don’t invoke each other.
    + e.g. dispatcher
    + e.g. interfaces with multiple implementations
    + e.g. The decorator design pattern, aka wrapper(java InputStream/BufferedInputStream, window-object/ScrollableWindow-object), **However, decorator classes tend to be shallow**

+ ask yourself questions before adding another `decorator` (7.3)
    + Sometimes decorators make sense, but there is usually a better alternative.

+ context object: stores all of the application's global state
+ contexts are far from an ideal solution. The variables stored in a context have most of the disadvantages of global variables;
+ without **discipline**, a context can turn into a huge grab-bag of data that creates *non-obvious* dependencies throughout the system.
+ contexts may also create *thread-safety issues*
+ the best way to avoid problems is for variables in a context to be *immutable*.
+ *unfortunately, I haven’t found a better solution than contexts.*

+ In order for an element to provide a *net gain against complexity*, it must eliminate some complexity that would be present in the absence of the design element.
+ Otherwise, you are better off implementing the system without that particular element.
