+ Separate general-purpose and special-purpose code
    + separate command and query
    + separate operations that have and have no side-effects
    + ...

+ Red Flag: Repetition

+ The way to separate special-purpose code from general-purpose code is to *pull the special-purpose code upwards, into the higher layers, leaving the lower layers general-purpose*.
+ When you encounter a class that includes both general-purpose and special-purpose features for the same abstraction, see if the class can be separated into two classes, one containing the general-purpose features, and the other layered on top of it to provide the special-purpose features.

+ Red Flag: Special-General Mixture

+ However, length by itself is rarely a good reason for splitting up a method.
+ You shouldn’t break up a method unless it makes the overall system simpler;
+ Methods containing hundreds of lines of code are fine if they have a simple signature and are easy to read.
+ These methods are deep (lots of functionality, simple interface), which is good.

+ When designing methods, the most important goal is to provide clean and simple abstractions. Each method should do one thing and do it completely.
+ Splitting up a method only makes sense if it results in cleaner abstractions, overall.

+ Red Flag: Conjoined Methods
    + It should be possible to understand each method independently.
    + If you can’t understand the implementation of one method without also understanding the implementation of another, that’s a red flag.

+ Conclusion: The decision to split or join modules should be *based on complexity*. Pick the structure that results in the *best information hiding, the fewest dependencies, and the deepest interfaces*.
