+ This chapter discusses why exceptions contribute disproportionately to complexity, then it shows how to simplify exception handling.
+ The key overall lesson from this chapter is to reduce the number of places where exceptions must be handled

+ I use the term exception to refer to any uncommon condition that *alters the normal flow of control in a program.*
任何可以打破程序正常顺序执行流的事件/条件 都算异常

+ An exception disrupts the normal flow of the code; it usually means that something didn’t work as expected.

+ Exceptions don’t occur very often in running systems, so exception handling code rarely executes.
+ Bugs can go undetected for a long time, and when the exception handling code is finally needed, there’s a good chance that it won’t work (one of my favorite sayings: "code that hasn’t been executed doesn’t work").
+ A recent study found that more than *90% of catastrophic failures* in distributed data-intensive systems were caused by incorrect error handling1.
+ When exception handling code fails, it’s difficult to debug the problem, since it occurs so *infrequently*.
异常相对于正常情况，出现的次数更少，所以处理的代码被执行的机会更少，而且处理异常的代码也可能产生新的异常，由于这些原因导致异常处理代码变得很复杂

+ It’s *tempting* to use exceptions to avoid dealing with difficult situations: rather than figuring out a clean way to handle it, just throw an exception and punt the problem to the caller.
+ Generating an exception in a situation like this just passes the problem to someone else and adds to the system’s complexity.
+ **The exceptions thrown by a class are part of its interface; classes with lots of exceptions have complex interfaces, and they are shallower than classes with fewer exceptions.**
不经思考的随意抛出异常是偷懒的行为，会增加系统的复杂度；一个会抛出较少异常的接口比会抛出很多异常的接口更 "深(deep)"

+ The best way to reduce the complexity damage caused by exception handling is to *reduce the number of places where exceptions have to be handled*.
+ The rest of this chapter will discuss *four techniques* for reducing the number of exception handlers.
减少由于异常处理代码增加的系统复杂度的最好办法是 尽量减少抛出异常，确认清楚在抛出异常的地方，有没有更清晰更简单的处理方式
本章接下来的部分会介绍4种降低复杂度的方法

+ (1) The best way to eliminate exception handling complexity is to define your APIs so that there are no exceptions to handle: **define errors out of existence**.
    + *The errorful approach may catch some bugs, but it also increases complexity, which results in other bugs.*
    + **Overall, the best way to reduce bugs is to make software simpler.**

+ (2) Mask exceptions: an exceptional condition is detected and handled at a low level in the system, so that higher levels of software need not be aware of the condition
    + Exception masking doesn’t work in all situations, but it is a powerful tool in the situations where it works.

+ (3) Exception aggregation: The idea behind exception aggregation is to handle many exceptions with a single piece of code; rather than writing distinct handlers for many individual exceptions, *handle them all in one place with a single handler.*
    + Exception aggregation works best if an exception propagates several levels up the stack before it is handled; this allows more exceptions from more methods to be handled in the same place.
    + This is the opposite of exception masking: masking usually works best if an exception is handled in a low-level method.
    + One way of thinking about exception aggregation is that *it replaces several special-purpose mechanisms*, each tailored for a particular situation, with a *single general-purpose mechanism* that can handle multiple situations. This provides another illustration of the benefits of general-purpose mechanisms.

+ (4) Just crash?
    + In most applications there will be certain errors that it’s not worth trying to handle.
    + Typically, these errors are difficult or impossible to handle and don’t occur very often(e.g. "out of memory" error)
    + The simplest thing to do in response to these errors is to print diagnostic information and then abort the application.
    + Whether or not it is acceptable to crash on a particular error depends on the application.

+ **Design special cases out of existence**
    + Special cases can result in code that is riddled with if statements, which make the code hard to understand and lead to bugs.
    + *Thus, special cases should be eliminated wherever possible.* 尽可能消除特例
    + The best way to do this is by designing the normal case in a way that automatically handles the special cases without any extra code.

+ 也要注意，应用程序吞异常会导致很难排查的问题！！！
+ With exceptions, as with many other areas in software design, you must determine what is important and what is not important.
+ Things that are not important should be hidden, and the more of them the better.
+ **But when something is important, it must be exposed.**

