+ Comments Should Describe Things that Aren’t Obvious from the Code

+ Sometimes it’s not clear why code is needed, or why it was implemented in a particular way.
+ Sometimes there are rules the developer followed, such as “always invoke a before b.”
+ You might be able to guess at a rule by looking at all of the code, but this is painful and error-prone; a comment can make the rule explicit and clear.

+ One of the most important reasons for comments is abstractions, which include a lot of information that isn’t obvious from the code.
+ Developers should be able to understand the abstraction provided by a module without reading any code other than its externally visible declarations.

+ This chapter discusses what information needs to be described in comments and how to write good comments.

+ it is easier to comment everything rather than spend energy worrying about whether a comment is needed.
    + easy != simple

+ Red Flag: Comment Repeats Code

+ Lower-level comments add precision
    + these comments add precision by clarifying the exact meaning of the code
+ Higher-level comments enhance intuition
    + They omit details and help the reader to understand the overall intent and structure of the code.

使用业务语言(而非技术语言)去描述某个模块到底做了什么事
+ Higher-level comments are more difficult to write than lower-level comments because you must think about the code in a different way.
+ Ask yourself:
    + What is this code trying to do?
    + What is the simplest thing you can say that explains everything in the code?
    + What is the most important thing about this code?

+ Interface documentation: One of the most important roles for comments is to *define abstractions*.
+ If you want code that presents good abstractions, you must document those abstractions with comments.

+ separate *interface comments* from *implementation comments*
+ If interface comments must also describe the implementation, then the class or method is *shallow*.

+ Implementation comments: what and why, not how

+ Cross-module design decisions
    + Unfortunately, real systems inevitably end up with design decisions that affect multiple classes.
    + e.g.: network protocol -> sender module,receiver module

+ The goal of comments is to ensure that the structure and behavior of the system is **obvious** to readers, so they can quickly find the information they need and make modifications to the system with confidence that they will work.

代码的主要作用是让代码里的结构和行为变得“明显”，好让使用或者读代码的人能快速找到需要的信息然后自信的作出修改

+ When following the rule that comments should describe things that aren’t obvious from the code, **“obvious” is from the perspective of someone reading your code for the first time (not you).**
这里的“明显”不是对于代码作者来说的，是对于第一次读这部分代码的人来说的

+ When writing comments, try to put yourself in the mindset of the reader and ask yourself what are the key things he or she will need to know.
+ If your code is undergoing review and a reviewer tells you that something is not obvious, don’t argue with them;
    + if a reader thinks it’s not obvious, then it’s not obvious. 如果读代码的人觉得某块代码不明显，那他大概率是对的
    + Instead of arguing, try to understand what they found confusing and see if you can clarify that, either with better comments or better code.

