Software Trends

+ ### OOP and inheritance
    + interface inheritance
    + implementation inheritance(should be used with caution.)

+ Another way of thinking about this is in terms of depth: *the more different implementations there are of an interface, the deeper the interface becomes.*
+ In order for an interface to have many implementations, **it must capture the essential features** of all the underlying implementations while steering clear of the details that differ between the implementations; this notion is at the heart of abstraction.


### Agile development

+ One of the most important elements of agile development is the notion that development should be incremental and iterative.
+ One of the risks of agile development is that it can lead to tactical programming.

**trade-off**
+ Developing incrementally is generally a good idea, but the increments of development should be abstractions, not features.
+ It’s fine to put off all thoughts about a particular abstraction until it’s needed by a feature.
+ Once you need the abstraction, invest the time to design it cleanly; follow the advice of Chapter 6 and make it somewhat general-purpose.

### Unit tests

+ Tests, particularly unit tests, play an important role in software design because they facilitate refactoring.

### Test-driven development

+ The problem with test-driven development is that it focuses attention on getting specific features working, rather than finding the best design.

+ the units of development should be abstractions, not features(emmmmmm...)

+ One place where it makes sense to write the tests first is when fixing bugs. Before fixing a bug, write a unit test that fails because of the bug.

### Design patterns

+ A design pattern is a commonly used approach for solving a particular kind of problem, such as an iterator or an observer.
+ Design patterns represent an alternative to design: rather than designing a new mechanism from scratch, just apply a well-known design pattern.
用已有的模式解决常见的问题，而不是自己再从头开始分析和设计

+ The greatest risk with design patterns is over-application(最大的风险在于 设计模式被滥用，强行使用，削足适履等等)

### Getters and setters

+ Although it may make sense to use getters and setters if you must expose instance variables, it’s better not to expose instance variables in the first place.
+ It’s better to avoid getters and setters (or any exposure of implementation data) as much as possible.

+ One of the risks of establishing a design pattern is that developers assume the pattern is good and try to use it as much as possible. This has led to overusage of getters and setters in Java.
+ 设计模式的另一个风险的是人们可能会认为 "用了设计模式的代码都是好的代码"，所以会尽可能多的使用设计模式


Whenever you encounter a proposal for a new software development paradigm, challenge it from the standpoint of complexity: does the proposal really help to minimize complexity in large software systems? Many proposals sound good on the surface, but if you look more deeply you will see that some of them make complexity worse, not better.

Q：这个方法真的能降低系统的复杂度吗？

