# 9.4. Communicating With the Future

## 9.4.1. Enriching Code with Signals

+ Arrange-Act-Assert (AAA) pattern
    1. defines an expectation,
    2. executes some code, and
    3. asserts that the result matches the expectation

+ **Committing to a common shape lowers the cognitive load imposed upon future readers.**

+ When every test is structured in the same way, readers don’t have to waste time determining if spurious differences matter.

+ Choosing to arrange tests in a similar way is a matter of programming style.

+ You’re always on the lookout for code arrangements that send signals to these hapless readers.

+ Style is one kind of signal, but there are others.
    + This test uses prime numbers to signal arbitrariness.
    + The 500 used in test_verse is so ridiculously large that it already signals that any number, even a big one, will do.

+ **Once you start thinking about sending signals, opportunities abound.**

+ Weirich used do...end to warn that the enclosed block had side-effects, and {...} to assure that it did not. Readers of his code remain grateful for these signals.

+ Signals offer a cheap way to add valuable information to code.
    + Look for opportunities to develop and use them.
    + Even if your team consists only of you, the information imparted by a signal will be useful to your future self.

## 9.4.2. Verifying Roles

+ Ruby is dynamically typed and doesn’t have syntax to support interfaces.
    + opportunities: easy to create and use polymorphic duck types
    + You may do anything without constraint, including sending messages to objects that don’t understand them and suffering run-time failures.

ruby作为动态语言的优势和问题

优势: 灵活, 很容易使用duck type实现多态, 代码好写好读

劣势: 过于灵活, 没有编译器的类型检查, 容易出错

如何应对ruby作为动态语言所面临的挑战呢?

+ There are a number of ways to accomplish this. In order of lesser to greater ceremony, the options are as follows, with implications for lyrics:
    1. Tell everyone to implement the correct API in their role players. Say "Hey, everyone should make their verse template objects respond to lyrics(number)" at regular intervals.
    2. Programmatically verify that all players of a role respond to messages in that role’s API. Test that each player responds to lyrics.
    3. Programmatically verify that all players of a role respond to its API, including defining the correct number of parameters. Test that each player responds to lyrics, and that lyrics has one parameter.
    4. Programmatically verify that all players of a role respond to its API, define the correct number of parameters, receive arguments of the correct types, and return the expected type. Test that each player responds to lyrics(arg), that arg is a number, and that the result is a string.

对小团队来说, 使用第一条就够了

如果第一条不能解决问题, 那么使用第二条就好了

多数条件下, 第二条就够用了, 不用使用麻烦的3/4/5

如果你发现团队里即使用了很大的努力, 还是没法避免运行时的问题, 这样 团队选择换一种静态语言可能会更好

+ RSpec testers use [shared example groups](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-core/v/2-0/docs/example-groups/shared-example-group) to verify roles. In Minitest, you can verify roles using normal Ruby modules.

+ Duck typing is powerful but can be perilous.

鸭子类型很有用, 但是也很危险

+ Role tests are a great investment; they cost little but provide tremendous value. If you’re using a dynamically-typed language and leaning on polymorphism and dependency injection, you should write them.

## 9.4.3. Obliterating Obsolete Context(消除过时的语境)

+ CountdownSong retains a few misleading vestiges of "99 Bottles"; it’s finally time to remove them.

+ In the heat of coding, it can be tempting to skip this final, cleanup pass. But don’t miss this last bit of scrubbing to make the code shine.
